Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission to save New Vestroia.
So we joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
Now we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
Every battle makes us stronger and brings us
closer to our goal.
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension
Controllers to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
We're ready to roll...
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
According to this, Beta City is on the other side of the
mountains.
Baron, adjust course for rough terrain.
You got it, Ace.
I thought you guys might be thirsty.
Thanks, buddy.
Alright!
Next stop Beta City and their Dimension Controller!
Like it, Dan?
It's wheat germ puree.
Hey, watch the instrument panel.
It doesn't need a bath.
Sorry about that...
Shun, you ever noticed that Mira sounds just like Runo?
Kinda...
Check it out, Runo!
I got another postcard from Billy.
It says...
Wowie!
Billy's moved on to Africa.
He's been building schools, and digging wells...
Are you even listening Runo?
That's it!
I'm going to New Vestroia to find Dan!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: \"Surprise Visitor.\"
I have had enough of this, Spectra!
First of all, you still have not delivered the Dragonoid
to me.
Sire... There have been difficulties.
[slightly crazy breathing]
And now a Dimension
Controller has been destroyed.
It's all because of that human, Dan,
and the Resistance...
[slightly crazy breathing]
It's so simple...
Get rid of the human and the Dragonoid will be mine.
Get it done... Spectra.
How long have you been thinking about this?
Since forever, 'kay?
Okay.
How come you didn't want to talk to me about it?
[closed-mouth, annoyed growling]
You're not really...
serious about going, are you?
Yup, I am.
But how will you get there?
Stop asking... questions!
Just let me do the talking, okay?
Well, well, well...
This is an unexpected surprise...
Is there something I can do for you, young ladies?
Yes Kato.
You can take us to Dr. Michael's lab in Moscow.
Moscow?
Weeeee-hee-hee-hee!
Thank you so much, Kato!
My pleasure, Miss Runo.
Anything for a friend of Master Marucho.
I will connect you now with Miss Alice in Moscow.
Alice, it's so good to see you !
Julie! Runo! What a surprise!
Are Dan and the rest of the team with you guys too?
No.... It's just us...
And we really need Dr. Michael's help.
My grandfather?
... You see...
Dan and Marucho went to New Vestroia with Drago...
Finally.
I have finished the repairs to the Dimension
Transporter.
Now to test it and see if it works...
Grandfather!
[running panting]
What is it, my child?
It's Dan...
He and Marucho have gone to New Vestroia to help Drago.
There's some kind of trouble there.
When did this happen, Alice?
I... I'm not sure grandfather, Runo says that Drago told
them that aliens had captured all the Bakugan.
Aliens... So that's what happened...
What, Grandfather?
The Dimension Gate between our world and New Vestroia
wasn't supposed to open again.
But I've noticed recently that it's become very
unstable...
An alien invasion would explain that.
Let's just hope I've managed to fix the Transporter.
I hope Dan, Marucho and the Bakugan are going to be
alright.
First we'll test it with this doll.
Alice, I'll need your help.
[nervous breathing]
Set coordinates.
The gate should be opening...
It should be opening right now.
[fearful gasp]
Still not working.
They're here.
[\u266a]
Runo! Julie! Alice!
Alice!
[happy laughter]
[\u266a]
A Gate Card?
So you see, I've got to get to New Vestroia!
It isn't safe.
The Transporter isn't fixed yet.
If it wasn't powerful enough to transport this doll,
it certainly won't be powerful enough for you.
Oh please...
This is so important.
Can't we give it a try?
My dear...
with the dimension gate so unstable...
if Runo got caught between two worlds,
I don't know if I could bring her home...
Then she would be lost...for eternity!
But...
I'd be willing to take that chance.
Oh, Runo, don't be silly.
Let's have dinner and catch up.
Then we'll get a good night's sleep...
Tomorrow morning we'll figure something out,
I promise.
Sure...
Sounds good.
Interesting.
I've never seen this Gate Card before.
You say it fell from the sky?
Yes, and there were others.
Just as I suspected.
What is happening?
This card probably came from the human world.
But why are they here?
On Earth energy can transform into Gate Cards.
Someone from the human world must be trying to pass
through the Gate to New Vestroia.
Then we'll welcome them.
And surprise Dan Kuso while we're at it.
[happy giggles]
So Julie, now you're working at Runo's family's caf\u00e9?
Yeah!
Runo's dad says that business has increased 50
per cent since I started.
Must be...
my sparkling personality.
Riiiight!
Dream on, Julie!
[good-natured laugh]
Oh Runo...
[light snoring]
You know, Runo,
this reminds me of the time when I used to work in your
caf\u00e9....
Oh yeah? Don't worry about Dan.
He'll be fine.
I'm not worried...
Everything is perfectly fine.
It couldn't be better.
[suppressed crying]
I'm sorry...
I know this is hard for you.
[concerned sigh]
[\u266a]
[gobbling]
Guys!
Do you really have to make so much noise when you eat?
Runo used to say that too.
Who's Runo?
I know that name...
Runo is one of the six original Bakugan Brawlers...
Am I right, Master Dan?
Riiiight...
You miss her?
[choking and sputtering]
You sound jealous.
I just like to know where I stand...
She's your girlfriend?
No, she's not!
That's not what I heard from Runo...
Marucho!
She's not?
Nooo sheee's not!
I don't know where you guys get these ideas...
Right Shun?
She's not?
Runo, this is nuts.
How are we going to get into the lab?
Easy...
I unlocked the window yesterday, before we left.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
Dr. Michael said the Transporter is still broken.
What if we can't get it to work?
It'll work.
But Dr. Michael said...
Forget Dr. Michael.
I'm going!
I've made up my mind, Julie...
I can't just wait around for them to come back.
That's why you're gonna zap me to New Vestroia.
Got it?
[\u266a]
Hang tight.
We'll be right back, Brawlers!
[\u266a]
Things are heating up...
Get ready to Brawl!
Let's crank this baby up.
New Vestroia, here I come!
Okay, okay!
Hang on a sec!
I'm trying to figure out how this thing works.
[nervous/worried]
You look like an \"ON\" button.
Okay then... Step Two.
Activate blue thingamabob.
Then I turn this doohickie...
And press the thingie.
Whoa...
And then I push the Transporter button...
But...I ...
Go! Punch it!
Come on, Julie!
Quiet, Runo...
All right, already!
I'm up!
What's with all the noise, Dan?
It's the middle of the night.
Runo, I don't think this is safe.
Julie?
I'll take that risk.
Now just hit the switch!
It's coming from everywhere.
Is that Runo?
But what if I read the instructions wrong?
You could get hurt.
That's Julie's voice.
This is too creepy.
What's.... What's going on?
I thought I was dreaming but it's real.
Stop talking and let's have lift-off!
I could have been there already!
What is that voice?
Perhaps it's...
a residual effect of the weakening dimensional
barrier, like the gate cards earlier.
The wall between the Earth and New Vestroia is damaged.
We're hearing voices from the human world.
I don't know.
Maybe we should stop this while we still can, Runo.
That is one annoying voice.
Don't bail on me, Julie!
Dan needs my help.
Friends of that human?
Julie!
But Runo!
Julie, stop!
Have you girls lost your minds?
It's now or never!
Julie, you mustn't!
I need to help Dan.
Pleeeese!
Okay, Runo.
[frightened scream]
Runo?
She's gone, Alice.
You mean, it worked?
Am I going crazy, guys?
Dan!
Runo!
No way!
That's Runo?
Runo?
You never give up, do you?
You doofus!
Why'd you ditch us?
Julie, do you remember the co-ordinates you used?
Uuuuuummmm...
No...
The transport is incomplete.
Are you sure?
Then how come Runo disappeared?
According to these readings Runo was transported...
But she's trapped between here and New Vestroia.
We have to find a way to save her before it's too late.
Once the dimensional gateway closes completely,
I'm afraid she'll be lost between worlds forever.
I think it would be best...
If we made sure this friend of Dan Kuso stayed trapped
in the dimensional gap for good.
Who is closest to the gate's location?
I am.. oh great and powerful majesty!
[sarcastic laugh]
Shadow!
Keep the Brawlers away from the girl and I may forgive...
your disrespect.
Well... At least I finally got to see you, Dan....
We're not giving up!
Dr. Michael, can you hear me?
How do we save her?
Dan! Is that you?
It's me, Doc! I'm here!
I'm sending you co-ordinates.
Take Runo there immediately!
You've got it!
Come on, Runo!
Right.
Destiny awaits.
Yes sir!
Hmmm. Spectra and Gus just left too...
My lord Hydron.
The gate is due west of that mountain.
That's it!
Then let's go, before the Gate closes.
Okay then...
Let's do this.
How did you get to New Vestroia?
I mean, in one piece?
Sorry...
I'm glad you're here with him, Shun.
Me too, Runo.
[\u266a]
Step on it, Runo! We can make it!
I'm hurrying!
Sorry... Dan...
I came to help you out...
But I just...
made everything worse!
No worries, Runo...
I shouldn't have ditched you guys in the first place.
It's all my fault.
No! I told Dan to leave you behind.
My apologies.
And they all hugged and lived happily ever after...
Not!
Sorry kiddies.
This ride is closed.
Shadow Prove, get out of my way!
[cocky laugh]
Who's gonna make me move, scrawny?
[goofy, mocking laugh]
Dan, wait!
Just get Runo to the gate.
I'll take care of Shadow.
You don't have time to waste on a dude in fur and tights.
You're the best, pal.
I know. Now go!
Gauntlet activated.
Gauntlet Power Strike!
Gate Card...
Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Darkus Silfee... Stand!
[wary gasp]
[battle roar]
Ready to roll, Elfin?
You better believe it, Marucho!
Bakugan Brawl!
Elfin Stand!
Sun, wind and rain combine!
Let Aquos Elfin...
Appear!
You're in trouble, now!
Hey, where are you going? I'm talking to you!
Get down!
[attack roar]
[wild cackle]
Howdya like that?
Silfee can attack anything inside the battlefield,
including Dan and whiney girl.
That's cheating!
Bakugan aren't supposed to be used against their
human Brawlers!
Powering up the gauntlets turned all our Bakugan back
to ball form!
They're helpless!
Pretty clever...
Who knew Shadow had a brain underneath all that hair gel?
Hurts to lose, doesn't it?
Silfee, let's turn up the heat!
[startled scream]
Dan?
Elfin! We've got to protect Dan and Runo!
You got it!
I'm ready to pulverize!
I can't believe those cheaters totally ignored me!
Count me in!
Percival!
Hold it, Ace.
Summoning another Bakugan might be dangerous.
What do you mean?
The dimensional gate is already unstable.
Too much extra power could...
destroy it!
...This bites!
I've dreamed about the world beyond that gate, Nemus.
Reality seldom matches our dreams, Baron.
I guess you're right.
Just thinking...
Are, you okay, Dan?
Don't worry about me... Get to the gate!
Hurry, it's starting to close!
I'll find you again!
Prince Hydron is afraid of Earth.
But I'm intrigued.
There's no guarantee we'll be able to return...
You don't have to come with me, you know.
Oh, I'm coming too.
Where you go, I go, Master Spectra.
Dan?
Go on...Just go!
Lync?
Perhaps I'm wrong...
But I don't recall Prince Hydron commanding us to go
to the human world, great Spectra.
Which begs the question, why are you here?
Who knows what kind of trouble you'd get into if I
left the two of you alone?
Do what you like.
We're going through!
Got to stop them...
Let's go!
Looks like we're going on a trip, Nemus!
I'm coming, Runo!
This is a bad idea!
Wait for me!
Wahooooo!
Hi, it's Runo!
Worst trip ever!
We're finally back on Earth but we picked up unexpected
guests: Spectra and the Vexos!
I'm sure Marucho has his hands full brawling that
seriously dorky Shadow Prove back on New Vestroia.
But I know he's got what it takes to keep the Bakugan
Battle Brawler's Resistance alive.
At least until we can find a way back to help save our
Bakugan friends!
And Spectra's got his own plan; kidnapping me!
It's soooo on!
[\u266a]